README.MD, before:

$\color{orange}{\large{Hack.Chat \space extension}} \space \color{lightblue}{0.0.5}$
$made \space by \space \color{cyan}{ToastyStoemp}$

$\color{OrangeRed}{Chrome}$
download here: https://db.tt/8ErFlCcq
just drag and drop in: chrome://extensions/
GitHub: http://bit.ly/1ISXn6b
Instructions: http://i.imgur.com/814NJYR.gifv

$\color{OrangeRed}{FireFox}$
Coming Soon!

#v0.0.4
Fixed:
- Fixed bug with the admin version notification not working
- Doubled the length of the notifications

Added:
- sound for chat, and notifications
- option for sound
- Call mod button
- Special notification receiver for mods only admin version

#v0.0.5
Fixed:
- Sounds are now loaded properly
- Normal URL parsing

Added:
- Highlight of text with your username
- In chat image load + resize supports jpg, gif, png
- In chat video supports mp4, ogg, webm

#v0.0.6
Fixed:
- Title bar showing correct count of new messages
- Double clicking images moved them to the left top corner
- webm now loop;

Added:
- Title bar unread count does not count leave or join

Commit message:

ReStructure everything merged 4 projects into 1
Updated the file structure
merged Chrome and FireFox for ease of updating

#v0.0.7
Fixed:
- Merged Admin with normal user, auto detection
- Updated Firefox with previous updates
- Merged FireFox With Chrome version, to have better work flow

README.MD, after:

$\color{orange}{\large{Hack.Chat \space extension}} \space \color{lightblue}{0.0.5}$
$made \space by \space \color{cyan}{ToastyStoemp}$

$\color{OrangeRed}{Chrome \FireFox \Opera}$
download here: https://github.com/ToastyStoemp/Hack.Chat-Enhancement-kit/releases
just drag and drop in: chrome://extensions/ or anywhere in firefox
GitHub: https://github.com/ToastyStoemp/Hack.Chat-Enhancement-kit
Instructions: http://bit.ly/1HH6eqy
download here: https://github.com/ToastyStoemp/Hack.Chat-Enhancement-kit/releases
A big Thanks to $\color{SpringGreen}{raf924}$ for help on the firefox version!

#v0.0.4
Fixed:
- Fixed bug with the admin version notification not working
- Doubled the length of the notifications

Added:
- sound for chat, and notifications
- option for sound
- Call mod button
- Special notification receiver for mods only admin version

#v0.0.5
Fixed:
- Sounds are now loaded properly
- Normal URL parsing

Added:
- Highlight of text with your username
- In chat image load + resize supports jpg, gif, png
- In chat video supports mp4, ogg, webm

#v0.0.6
Fixed:
- Title bar showing correct count of new messages
- Double clicking images moved them to the left top corner
- webm now loop

Added:
- Title bar unread count does not count leave or join

#v0.0.7
Fixed:
- Merged Admin with normal user, auto detection
- Updated Firefox with previous updates
- Merged FireFox With Chrome version, to have better work flow
